1. What is software?
	Software is a program that runs on hardware. Often used to simplify a task.

2. Why is software important?
	Our world practically runs on electronics now. Everything we do has some type of computer with it anymore.

3. Where is software important?
	It is important wherever hardware is needed to complete a task to make things easier.

4. What could go wrong if software fails?
	You could lose data, a task could become more complicated, tasks could be unable to be completed.
	Ex. Game crashes and loses the save.

5. Where does software play an important role?
	Software is important wherever there is a computer.
	Ex. Science lab, schools, businesses.

6. What are some jobs related to software development?
	Ex. Game developers, security, business, non profits, networking, etc..

7. What's the difference between computer science and programming?
	Computer science is more of a blanket term used to describe things that have to do with computers, like programming.

8. Where in the design, construction, and use of a ship is software used?
	Movies use computer programs to render the film and edit it, construction uses computer programs to make the blueprints, and radar is used on ships.

9. What is a server farm?
	A server farm is a large amount of servers in one area.

10. What kinds of queries do you ask online?
	I typically just ask about games and programming now.

11. What are some uses of software in science?
	Rendering old dinosaurs to see what they would look like now.

12. What are some uses of software in medicine?
	Software to track the vitals of the patient if needed.

13. What are some uses of software in entertainment?
	3D rendering for movies.

14. What general properties do we expect from good software?
	To make the desired task simpler to complete and is easy to use.

15. What does a software developer look like?
	They can look just like everybody else in the world, anybody can become a developer.

16. What are the stages of software development?
	Analysis, Design, Programming, Testing.

17. Why can software development be difficult?
	It can take a lot of time and thinking. Often it can get frustrating to deal with it.

18. What are some uses of software to make your life easier?
	Anything on computers honestly, I am constantly on one.

19. What are some uses of software to make your life more difficult?
	Almost exactly the same ones, but then there are things like viruses that can ruin things.
